---
title: "Paper Title Number 1"
collection: publications
permalink: /publication/2009-10-01-paper-title-number-1
excerpt: 'This paper is about the number 1. The number 2 is left for future work.'
date: 2009-10-01
venue: 'Journal 1'
paperurl: 'http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf'
citation: 'Your Name, You. (2009). &quot;Paper Title Number 1.&quot; <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).'
---
This paper is about the number 1. The number 2 is left for future work.

[Download paper here](http://academicpages.github.io/files/paper1.pdf)

Recommended citation: Your Name, You. (2009). "Paper Title Number 1." <i>Journal 1</i>. 1(1).


* title: Bulk Contributions Modulate the Sum-Frequency Generation Spectra of Water on Model Sea-Spray Aerosols
  * Reddy, S. K.; Thiraux, R.; Rudd, B. A. W.; Lin, L.; Adel, T.; Joutsuka, T.; Geiger, F. M.; Allen, H. C.; Morita, A. & Paesani, F.
  * Chem , 2018

* Sodium--carboxylate contact ion pair formation induces stabilization of palmitic acid monolayers at high pH
  * Adams, E. M.; Wellen, B. A.; Thiraux, R.; Reddy, S. K.; Vidalis, A. S.; Paesani, F. & Allen, H. C.
  * Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics , Vol. 19 , pp. 10481-10490 , 2017

* Many-body interactions in ice
  * Pham, C. H.; Reddy, S. K.; Chen, K.; Knight, C. & Paesani, F.
  * Journal of chemical theory and computation , Vol. 13 , pp. 1778-1784 , 2017

* Temperature-dependent vibrational spectra and structure of liquid water from classical and quantum simulations with the MB-pol potential energy function
  * Reddy, S. K.; Moberg, D. R.; Straight, S. C. & Paesani, F.
  * The Journal of Chemical Physics , Vol. 147 , pp. 244504 , 2017


Crystal Dynamics in Multi-stimuli-Responsive Entangled Metal--Organic Frameworks
Kanoo, P.; Haldar, R.; Reddy, S. K.; Hazra, A.; Bonakala, S.; Matsuda, R.; Kitagawa, S.; Balasubramanian, S. & Maji, T. K.
Chemistry--A European Journal , Vol. 22 , pp. 15864-15873 , 2016
Reddy2016
How good is the MB-pol many-body potential for water?
Reddy, S.; Straight, S.; Bajaj, P.; Pham, C.; Riera, M.; Moberg, D.; Morales, M.; Knight, C.; Gotz, A. & Paesani, F.
2016
Reddy2016a
On the accuracy of the MB-pol many-body potential for water: Interaction energies, vibrational frequencies, and classical thermodynamic and dynamical properties from clusters to liquid water and ice
Reddy, S. K.; Straight, S. C.; Bajaj, P.; Huy Pham, C.; Riera, M.; Moberg, D. R.; Morales, M. A.; Knight, C.; Götz, A. W. & Paesani, F.
The Journal of chemical physics , Vol. 145 , pp. 194504 , 2016
Haldar2014
Flexible and Rigid Amine-Functionalized Microporous Frameworks Based on Different Secondary Building Units: Supramolecular Isomerism, Selective CO2 Capture, and Catalysis
Haldar, R.; Reddy, S. K.; Suresh, V. M.; Mohapatra, S.; Balasubramanian, S. & Maji, T. K.
Chemistry--A European Journal , Vol. 20 , pp. 4347-4356 , 2014
Reddy2014
Carbonic acid: molecule, crystal and aqueous solution
Reddy, S. K. & Balasubramanian, S.
Chemical Communications , Vol. 50 , pp. 503-514 , 2014
Hazra2013
Effect of Pillar Modules and Their Stoichiometry in 3D Porous Frameworks of Zn (II) with [Fe (CN) 6] 3--: High CO2/N2 and CO2/CH4 Selectivity
Hazra, A.; Bonakala, S.; Reddy, S. K.; Balasubramanian, S. & Maji, T. K.
Inorganic chemistry , Vol. 52 , pp. 11385-11397 , 2013
Jayaramulu2012
Three-Dimensional Metal--Organic Framework with Highly Polar Pore Surface: H2 and CO2 Storage Characteristics
Jayaramulu, K.; Reddy, S. K.; Hazra, A.; Balasubramanian, S. & Maji, T. K.
Inorganic chemistry , Vol. 51 , pp. 7103-7111 , 2012
Kanoo2012
Unusual room temperature CO 2 uptake in a fluoro-functionalized MOF: insight from Raman spectroscopy and theoretical studies
Kanoo, P.; Reddy, S. K.; Kumari, G.; Haldar, R.; Narayana, C.; Balasubramanian, S. & Maji, T. K.
Chemical Communications , Vol. 48 , pp. 8487-8489 , 2012
Reddy2012
Liquid dimethyl carbonate: a quantum chemical and molecular dynamics study
Reddy, S. K. & Balasubramanian, S.
The Journal of Physical Chemistry B , Vol. 116 , pp. 14892-14902 , 2012
Reddy2012a
Vibrational spectra of linear oligomers of carbonic acid: a quantum chemical study
Reddy, S. K.; Kulkarni, C. H. & Balasubramanian, S.
The Journal of Physical Chemistry A , Vol. 116 , pp. 1638-1647 , 2012
Kulkarni2011
Cooperativity in the stacking of benzene-1, 3, 5-tricarboxamide: the role of dispersion
Kulkarni, C.; Reddy, S. K.; George, S. J. & Balasubramanian, S.
Chemical Physics Letters , Vol. 515 , pp. 226-230 , 2011
Reddy2011
Theoretical investigations of candidate crystal structures for $-carbonic acid
Reddy, S. K.; Kulkarni, C. H. & Balasubramanian, S.
The Journal of chemical physics , Vol. 134 , pp. 124511 , 2011
Sarangi2011
Low frequency vibrational modes of room temperature ionic liquids
Sarangi, S.; Reddy, S. & Balasubramanian, S.
The Journal of Physical Chemistry B , Vol. 115 , pp. 1874-1880 , 2011
